docs: Better document the DMA API and expectations (#64982)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/hardware/peripherals/dma/index.rst

.. _dma_api:

Direct Memory Access (DMA)
##########################

Overview
********

Direct Memory Access (Controller) is a commonly provided co-processor of sorts
that can typically offload transferring data to and from peripherals and memory.

> The DMA API in Zephyr is not necessarily a portable API across devices but
> instead a union of common DMA features. This API can still provide a reasonable
> abstraction given some care for peripheral drivers.

Reviewer: I feel like the wording  can be improved but feel free to ignore if this doesn't sound any better to you or if it changes the meaning too much.

```suggestion
The DMA API in Zephyr does not guarantee portability across different devices.
Nevertheless, and with appropriate consideration for peripheral drivers, it can
offer a substantial level of abstraction for common DMA operations.
```

Reviewer: btw it feels like your commit message (2nd paragraph specifically) might contain wording that's better that what ended up being captured in this paragraph, so maybe have another pass?
